Docs: Revise IAM policies with more information (#989)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/platform/security/iam-roles.mdx

3. [Create an IAM role and assign the policy to that role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_job-functions_create-policies.html). 
4. Tiered Storage with AWS requires that the user have the following permissions to read and create objects on the bucket to be used with the cluster (or on all buckets): `GetObject`, `DeleteObject`, `PutObject`, `PutObjectTagging`, `ListBucket`. 
5. [Bind the VM](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html#attach-iam-role), or [Pod in the case of Kubernetes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/specify-service-account-role.html), to the IAM role.

#### Sample full access IAM policy

The following example policy grants full access to the `test` S3 bucket. 

```
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "s3:*"
            ],
            "Resource": [
	        "arn:aws:s3:::test",
	        "arn:aws:s3:::test/*"
	    ]
        }
    ]
}
```

#### Sample minimum (least) IAM policy

> This policy represents a minimum IAM policy for the `test` S3 buckets required when using the Tiered Storage functionalities.

Reviewer: Can we add a warning here that if someone uses a minimal IAM policy, they may need to update it for future Redpanda versions, and that if the bucket is dedicated to redpanda, we recommend allowing all verbs within that bucket for future-proofing?

Author: Yea, that's a good idea. Will add a warning message along with the general recommendation.

1. [Create an S3 storage bucket](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/creating-bucket.html).
2. [Create an IAM policy](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/writing-iam-policies-how-to-grant-access-to-an-amazon-s3-bucket/).
3. [Create an IAM role and assign the policy to that role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_job-functions_create-policies.html). 
4. Tiered Storage with AWS requires that the user have the following permissions to read and create objects on the bucket to be used with the cluster (or on all buckets): `GetObject`, `DeleteObject`, `PutObject`, `PutObjectTagging`, `ListBucket`. 
5. [Bind the VM](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html#attach-iam-role), or [Pod in the case of Kubernetes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/specify-service-account-role.html), to the IAM role.

:::caution

> `GetObject`, `DeleteObject`, `PutObject`, `PutObjectTagging`, and `ListBucket` are the least actions required to fully utilize the cloud storage as of the v22.3 release, but you may need to update it for future redpanda releases. If the bucket is dedicated to redpanda, we recommend allowing all (*) actions within the bucket.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`GetObject`, `DeleteObject`, `PutObject`, `PutObjectTagging`, and `ListBucket` are not required to fully utilize the cloud storage, but may be required in future Redpanda releases. Hence, if the bucket is dedicated to Redpanda, we recommend allowing all (*) actions within the bucket.
```

Author: > are not required to fully utilize the cloud storage, but may be required in future Redpanda releases.

The listed actions are required to fully utilize the cloud storage.

Author: How about this? @Feediver1 

`GetObject`, `DeleteObject`, `PutObject`, `PutObjectTagging`, and `ListBucket` are required to fully utilize the cloud storage, but may need to be updated in future Redpanda releases. Hence, if the bucket is dedicated to Redpanda, we recommend allowing all (*) actions within the bucket.

Author: @Feediver1 can you check above?

Author: @Feediver1 , would you mind reviewing my commend above?

Reviewer 2: We don't refer to possible updates/behaviors in furutre releases @daisukebe 

How about: 
`GetObject`, `DeleteObject`, `PutObject`, `PutObjectTagging`, and `ListBucket` are required to fully utilize  cloud storage. Hence, if the bucket is dedicated to Redpanda, we recommend allowing all (*) actions within the bucket.

Author: Makes sense and it looks good! Just a damn English question though, do we still need `Hence`? @Feediver1

Reviewer 2: Hi @daisukebe I edited my suggestion. As you suspected, `Hence` is no longer required.

Author: Addressed in b8bd431

:::

#### Sample full access IAM policy

The following example policy grants full access to the `test` S3 bucket. 

```
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "s3:*"
            ],
            "Resource": [
	        "arn:aws:s3:::test",
	        "arn:aws:s3:::test/*"
	    ]
        }
    ]
}
```

#### Sample minimum read/write IAM policy

> This policy represents a minimum IAM policy for the `test` S3 buckets required when using the Tiered Storage functionalities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This policy represents a minimum IAM policy for the `test` S3 buckets required when using Tiered Storage.
```

Author: Addressed in b8bd431

A more restrictive "read-only" IAM policy is shown below. This policy only allows a user to get and list objects in the `test` S3 bucket. Such a policy could be used for a read replica topic on a remote cluster that hosts read replica topics, but not Tiered Storage topics.

```
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "s3:Get*",
                "s3:List*"
            ],
            "Resource": [
	        "arn:aws:s3:::test",

> 	        "arn:aws:s3:::test/*"

Reviewer 3: We might want to split it as: 

List* -> test, 

and Get* -> test/*

Here it does not make much of a difference but using wildcards with the bucket might give additional permissions on the bucket where we wanted it just for the objects in bucket.

Author: Indeed, thanks. Do you think we should just describe the actions as `ListBucket` and `GetObject`, not with wildcard?

Reviewer 3: Yes SGTM
